well howdy there internet people it's
beau again
so uh today we're gonna try to map
out a decision that trump has made see
if we get an atlas and figure out
why he decided to turn and do a 180 when
he did
see if it's really a change of heart a
change of policy
if it's in the best interest of the
american people
or if it's just what's politically
expedient
and that perhaps there's another motive
if you don't know the president has
added
dr scott atlas to the task force to deal
with the current public health thing
atlas is the doctor who backed governor
desantis's plan
for the schools here in florida
so we can just safely assume that the
president brought him to this position
because of his stellar record of success
atlas is a proponent of uh
let's just call it a less than proven
and controversial
strategy of just hoping to obtain
herd immunity this is when you
pretty much just let everybody get it
except for the old people
why would he do this that doesn't even
make sense
i mean why would he
do this turn around now why would he
adopt this now why would he bring this
person on now
at this moment
and is he going to follow that advice of
course he is
it's going to become the new talking
point because
the vaccine is not going to be ready by
the election
that's what it boils down to that news
just came out too
so he's going to change the strategy
between now and the election and say oh
well we're just going to go for hurt
immunity that way he doesn't have to
address the fact that in his platform
and his campaign promises the number one
bullet point
for dealing with this is to have the
vaccine by 2020
by the end of this year and that doesn't
look like it's going to happen now
so in order to change the story and not
admit that he has failed at one of his
campaign promises
before he even got reelected he's going
to bring in mr atlas
dr atlas sorry um bring in dr atlas
and allow him to guide the policy and
say oh
he said go with herd immunity so i'm
listening to the experts just like the
liberals told me to
and then if it fails probably will
he'll be able to say oh no well that's
atlas's fault we're gonna get rid of him
by the way i went ahead and got us a
vaccine in the meantime
assuming he gets reelected if he doesn't
the plan works anyway because he doesn't
have to address
his failure which is trump's entire mo
do not be fooled by this into thinking
that
hurt immunity is suddenly a good idea
it's not
that's not uh that's not the ideal way
to go about this
in fact there's some evidence to suggest
that it won't even work
we don't know yet we do not know enough
about it to adopt a strategy
that uh that controversial
it would it's very risky um
but the president doesn't care president
doesn't care about people he cares about
reelection
so as long as
his base continues to believe everything
that he says
he can get away with this that's really
what this boils down to he's willing to
sacrifice
his base the thing is he's done this
enough
that it may significantly impact his
reelection chances
i don't know if he's done the math on
this yet but
herd immunity um
carries a pretty high cost with it
and the cost is typically borne by the
people who vote for him
he didn't win the popular vote last time
he won by the electoral college
and the number that
we we might lose under the herd immunity
strategy
is enough to swing the states
that he won last time
it's a bold strategy
we'll see how it plays out for him um
as far as everybody else everybody who
is sane
wash your hands don't touch your face
don't go out stay at home
if you have to go out wear a mask do all
the stuff you're supposed
to um there are
there's a whole lot of evidence now that
shows that those things
are incredibly effective so just keep it
up
and eventually we will get through this
at some point
anyway it's just a thought y'all have a
good day